Week 1

Had our first project meeting. We delegated roles for writing the project proposal. 
I helped flesh out some user stories started by Matthew and contributed some of my own. 
I also set up JIRA for the project and the google documents to be used for the report. 
I worked out some reasonable dates for the sprints, based on the deadlines throughout 
the term and wrote up the sprint proposal section.

Week 2
I cleaned up the user stories and ensured that all features in the spec were addressed by the user stories. 
I also added acceptance criteria to each user story and started drafting up tentative sub tasks. 

Week 3
I implemented the backend logic for the login endpoint. I also reviewed PRs for backend code from other team members. 
At this point, we have completed user story CAP-6, Account creation for users and have completed the backend for CAP-3, 
Login for users. CAP-4, User dashboard, is pending work from previous endpoints and we have pulled in CAP-12, 
Search for podcast episodes, and CAP-17, Detailed view of podcasts, for the upcoming sprint. Last sprint, we 
may have overestimated our working capabilities. For the upcoming sprint, we have even more tasks but the team 
is confident that we can complete them given that there is more availability in the week. It is good that team 
members are across each other’s code when reviewing pull requests.

Week 4 
Our team did not complete much of our sprint this week. This is largely due to overestimating our capability and competing
deadlines with other subjects and the project proposal. I continued to review other team members' pull requests but did not
conduct much dev work myself this sprint. 

Week 5
Our team is preparing for demo A. I organised a team meeting to prepare for the demo and drafted up a document to conduct the
retrospective after the demo. I completed a logout endpoint as part of the login story and refactored some existing code. 

Week 6
I spent a large amount of time on writing the front end for the player component which was responsible for playing podcasts. 
My remaining time was spent on implementing the notifications backend and frontend. I learnt a lot about redux from my frontend
teammates and from looking at documentation. Application was a good teacher and having teammates to ask when things go wrong helped
me to write front end code for some stories where I thought I was not capable. 

Week 7
I spent my time writing the front-end and back-end for the playlist functionality. 

Week 8
I wrote the front end and back end for the share podcast url story. In addition, I planned the schedule for progressive demo B and drafted up a document to facilitate retrospective B. 
Prior to the demo, I went through each user story and ensured that all acceptance criteria had been satisfied by the features we were implementing. 

Week 9
I attempted to refactor the front end and backend for the playback functionality as the current implementation exhibited some bugs. In the end,
we decided that the feature was not worth pursuing as the deadline was close and the feature did not provide high value. Instead, I conducted a heavy
refactor of the code repository. This involved addressing all warning messages and creating folders for components to clean up the file structure. 
I did some minor UI visibility improvements for the notifications component. This week, I wrote up the two sections of the final report and worked 
with the rest of the team to plan a schedule for the final presentation.  
